hello autobots and decepticons my name
is Sol mungry and I'd like to welcome
you guys back to the armor set series in
this episode we have the Decepticon
Titan brawl and brawl his name says it
all he loves getting into a battle and
he has a very big loud mouth on the
battlefield he also forms into a
Bruticus with his fellow brothers and if
the mission does not require stealth
brawl is your guy so I'm excited I'm
ready to get this started and start
wrecking Autobots I'm going to be using
the whirlwind because that is just
fitting for brawl so without further ado
let's hop ourselves into a match all
right guys here we are as brawl as a
Decepticon and I did fail to mention
that I am using his g1 colors are as
close as I could get to him and I also
failed to make that jump so awesome
start and let's see we can blast some
Autobots come right away gonna with the
slime cannon woo I'm getting lit up time
to hunt down a cube book but I gotta
quickly get back into the battle gotta
use my whirlwind overall because that is
just awesome oh you're not going
anywhere
ahaha how gooey mess hahahaha
OTO bum haha so we are on spire one of
my more favorite Maps here we have a
bunch of people coming up let's see if
we can bring in the whirlwind bring in
the food all the Auto bombs go down the
drain
oh yeah hair BAM oh oh oh if I get out
of your life I'd be pretty impressed Oh
booyah oh baby let a kid brought oh
we're not the right way not the right
way keep it going keep it going
skip the intercooler so we can just
bring him the pain forever and forever
is a long time
whoa leg the hell's going you like the
whirlwind
I like the whirlwind haha really nice
start with brawl here where all he is a
force to be reckoned with on the
battlefield he will rush into a fight no
matter what the cost
oh I didn't use the intercooler that was
foolish
I should probably bust up the scrap
mukurtu with just a little oh that's a
good guy in here Autobots let's go him
Brad I was going I was going on my way
oh oh I killed myself with his weapon
typical brawl move always picking up the
enemy's weapons and just blasting even
if he doesn't know how to use it
sometimes it results in self-destruction
hahaha
oh good we mess sorry you need your body
you no longer have it Oh another gooey
mess it's getting really really sloppy
in here winter collect
love this with the world and especially
if I get into a cluster of Autobots guys
are shooting at nothing or what
whoa whoo see if I can flanker out and
just bring in the pain and never go into
a battle thirsty
don't mind if I cube and this guy's got
the same idea the little think around
let's blast some Auto bums oh hey how's
it going
BAM oh yeah
and I was going how you doing
infiltrator how's the intercooler sound
for you yeah run run you can't back up
forever
hahahahaha Tasmanian devil so fitting
for all yeah whoo why do perky surprise
you
sorry couldn't resist the Tasmanian
Devil impersonation
oh hey how's it going rollin sounds good
see you later
get them get them Wow he's alive still
Oh every time I hear the gears shudder I
get a little bit scared
grab this cube booyah we're on a roll so
far the Titan pretty good class
especially on these short maps and let's
blast some Autobots here ma'am
I'll miss everything am and this is more
brawl style just blasting from a
distance with the cannon even if you
don't hit anything and we're going to
kill something eventually though you
shoot enough bullets in you're bound to
get a couple kills you know if you do
kill your own Decepticon teammates let's
go through our own goo okay I was going
whirlen yeah you seen this before
so all of a sudden it gets quiet for a
little Autobots scared to come out and
play I think so here we go no worries
well we'll come to you boo baby yeah
Wham
come on come I scared ruin cuckoo cuckoo
cuckoo okay that was a bad decision
right - or was it okay it was haha well
that was pretty fun I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I know it's not okay
there it's over so hope you guys enjoyed
this video
12 for and - with the Decepticon Titan
bra let me know who you guys want to see
next in the armor set series and
remember to thumbs up the video and
subscribe for more transformers have a
great day everyone
you